(06. 18. 17. The day of test shooting for girls)
(HeeJin & HaSeul comes here to support them!)
(They say hello like a senior!)
HaSeul: Hello
(But HeeJin & HaSeul seem awkward to be with them...)
(Anyway, let's root for them! Go Go!!)
HeeJin&HaSeul: Fighting!
HaSeul: You don't feel awkward now, right?
HeeJin: Sure~ definitely!
HaSeul: Okay, let's look them!
HeeJin: You know? We are good at making friends!
Kim lip, JinSoul, and another girl are entering the studio!
HeeJin: We have an obligation to protect LOOΠΔ form the camera!
HaSeul: Blur blur!
'How many girls in here now?'
(So many blurred girls...)
HaSeul: I guess... there're nine girls
(They are about to be a large girl gruop)
HaSeul: Seven girl crush style girls and... what are we?
HeeJin: Purity style girls!
HaSeul: And two purity style girls are here!